*Story mode begins

*Black screen

Where are you?
Where is this?
Do you even remember what happened?

*Glitch happens quickly showing "Help me" 

*Screens starts to fade in with a classroom with 3 shadows in the distance near a whiteboard

"You wake up in a...Classroom?"

You are heavy-eyed, your vision is blurry. You try to understand why you and your girlfriend ended up here. It's odd, it has been a long time since you ever set foot in a class.

But you two aren't the only ones in this room. Three other persons, students by their outfits, are talking amongst themselves. They aren't aware of you two's presence.
To wash away your drowsiness, you yawn. This gets the attention of the students. Your vision begins to clear, you notice that those students are three high school girls. 
They look confused, just like you. One of the girls, wearing a red bow on her head, walks toward you.

*Sory gets near you

"H-Hey? Are you two okay?"
"...?"
"Are you new to this school? I haven't seen you...since forever actually, are you by any chance new in the city?"
"...!"
"Oh...I'm sorry? You got here suddenly?"
"!!"
"That's weird... But honestly... Your style is pretty unusual here, so maybe you got a point." 
"Oh, where are my manners, I'm Sory! And I am the president of the literature club, Nice to meet you...uhhhm"
"..."
"Boyfriend and Girlfriend? That's an odd name... But nice to meet you either way"

*Naswki and Yuwi gets closer to you too

The two other girls approach you, one being a purple-haired girl, she looks pretty timid but also curious of your origin. The other is a pink-haired girl who seems...upset, and already started talking, interrupting your conversation with Sory.
"Wow, That's a stupid name if I ever heard one"
"Hey, don't be mean to them!" Sory answered
"That's right Naswki, you should think more before saying whatever comes to your mind, you don't even know them, Oh, by the way, My name is Yuwi, it's nice to see you guys are okay" 
"Talking about not knowing people and the first thing you do is to give your name, what if they're bad people?"
Yuwi sighs and says.
"You should really get your head back to earth, those anime books are ruining your perception of reality, they're just regular people, alright?" 
"Eh, whatever you say, so what's up kid? What's your deal?" Naswki points at you
"They finally get you to speak...not that you have an answer for that so you just stare at them"

"Oh! I know! Since you guys don’t know why you’re here, you guys could help us out by joining our club! And you can take part on our special inauguration day! It’s a day where we try to get more people to join us with attractions and also explain what our club is about, how does that sound?"

You and your girlfriend look at each other without knowing what to do or what’s happening, you two decide to go along with their plan, nodding your head in agreement.

"Great! Today is the day we've given each other a task! I'm going to be responsible for the decorations, Naswki will take care of the food, and Yuwi will make the attractions. Since we already started to set everything up, you guys can join one of us to help with each task. Who will you help?”

You can choose to help one of the three girls at their tasks for tomorrow inauguration day, which one will you pick?
*Options appear 


*Selects Sory First

"Oh wow, I...I didn't expect you to choose me honestly"
"Yea yea, so convenient that the newcomer choose the president of all people" Naswki complains
"Well, sadly our club meeting is ending soon, so you two can go to your classes for now, We are going to stay here to plan things out and i'll meet y'all soon alright?"
"Sure sure" "Take care you three" Naswki and Yuwi says as they leave the room
*Yuwi and Naswki leaves
"Gosh...being a president really is tough, needing to deal with those two is pretty exhausting at times, y'know?"
"...!"
"Maybe you're right, all this club things eats a lot of my time, maybe i should try getting into other activities aside from it"
"...?"
"Wuh?"
"...!"
"Oh! Really? That's really cool, I didn't know you guys had such hobbie"
"...?"
"Give it a try? Well...I'm not the best singer in the world...but wouldn't hurt trying it right?"
"...!!"
"Let's do it, I'll give my best"

*Song Starts

*Song ends


*Black screen

"Your vision gets blurry again and your mind is marked with that one picture you saw, where's she? how's she? Now the only one there is you...or is it?"

"You wake up again...on the same spot you woke earlier in this morning"

"Your Vision gets back to the front of the class, 2 girls are talking, familiar girls, you feel like you've met them before"

*Both girls gets closer to you

*Screen fades out

"The two girls introduce like it's the first time you ever met, and explain about an inauguration day it's happening tomorrow and how you could help them out"

*Screen fades in back

"So our *Not readable* gave us those instructions, would you wanna help us out?"

You can choose to help one of the two girls at their tasks for tomorrow inauguration day, which one will you pick?
*Options appear with Sory name being removed from it





*Selects Yuwi In second





"Oh...I appreciate it"
"Well, Good thing i'll won't have to deal with you"

*Naswki leaves the room apparently a bit annoyed


"Sigh...Well, my schedule is not pretty, but i'm sure we'll figure things out"
"...?"
"Well, whenever my class ends, you can meet me at the entrance, there i can help you on the way to my house and there we can get things done, the only problem is that i leave the school at night...so if you get too tired you can go by yourself..."
"...!"
"Okay then...I'll be there waiting for you to appear then"

*Yuwi also leaves the room

"So now you would need to wait until nighttime to get things going...weirdly enough, the events that happened right now is similar somehow to some of your not too far past...something seems to be missing but the thought alone is pretty tiring, so for you to get time to pass, you fall asleep in class like you used to do"

*screen fades out

*Glitch happens

"Take me with you" appears quikcly and disappear right after

*Screen fades in back

"You wake up, the nap you took felt like hours but...it's still morning??"

"You decide to go down stairs and try to find anything to do"

*Nighttime Stairs appears

"The moment you opened the door, the bright light of daytime has been changed to the not as bright light of the moon, You notice the situation you're in and you rush down the stairs"

"In the entrace, you find Yuwi facing her closet, She was the only one in the school now, at first glance, it looked like she was just getting her things prepared to leave but...she wasn't leaving, in fact, with a bit closer look, Yuwi was apparently just standing there, you get closer until she finally notices you"

*Yuwi appears

"Oh- oh, Hi, uhm...You're actually here"
"...?"
"Uh? No, You just surprised me, That's all Heh..."
"...?"
"Eh...Alright, we can now-"

*Suddenly the place go pitch black dark

"Oh great...The lights are out now..."
"...?"
"That's actually not that common here, it's weird that it happened, Ouch-"

*You hear a piece of metal falling in the ground, it's not big but not too small, being dark, you couldn't figure out what was it

"...??"
"Nngh...No it's nothing, I'm okay"
"..."
"..."

*The lights get back

"You look around to try to find what fell into the ground"

"Oh, it's back, thank god, should we go now"
"...?"
"Wuh? On the ground? No, i didn't hear anything"
"...!"
"Ugh...aren't you imagining stuff"

"She's Lying" *quickly appears as the screen gltiches and Yuwi turns into her sprite with her arms filled with scars

"...?!"

*Yuwi Panel appears (or placeholder until it's done)

"Oh...I see then...She told you right?"
"...?"
"Heh...Foolish of me to think she would be gone for good"
"...???"
"You Little one, you know what? I'm Done playing games"
"..."
"I can't do this anymore, I know what you're doing, everything is wrong"

"Having no clue what's happening or what Yuwi is saying, you take your mic out and get ready for whatever she gets it, even tho she doesn't put much of a threat, since the one thing she's been holding this entire time is a book"

"A rap battle? alright, I'm not as good at this, like *Not readable* but i'll try my best to take you out of here"

*Song starts

*Song Ends


"Once again, Your vision is darkened again, whatever happened before, your mind doesn't seem to remember the details, What was happening?"

"you Wake up again in the same place, same time...again"

Class Room Appears

"Your vision still blurry but in the situation you got to know you were, you was already expecting something to happen"

"looking at the whiteboard, you see one girl writing on it, as she realized you woke up, she gets closer to you, a small girl with pigtails, a familiar figure actually, even tho for her, you have never met in life"

*Screen fades out

"She explains to you about the inauguration day that's happening in one day"

*Screen fades in back with Naswki in front of you

"Well, As you can see, My Classm- Glitches turning the rest of the text not readable* Aren't here, so you can help me or get the heck out of here, How's going to be?"

"You don't seem to have much options, not knowing where you are so leaving isn't a great option, you should maybe consider helping out the rude girl"

*Options appear, only Naswki name being avaiable

*Selects Naswki in third

"Great...as i suspected, you can't do anything by yourself"
"...?"
"Heh, don't worry, i can be short, but i am pretty responsible, eh...WAIT, WHO ARE YOU CALLING SHORT?"

*Screen goes black

*Naswki smacks your head as she got angry for such comment

"Humph, You are lucky we're at school, things would get a lot dirtier if we were not"
"..."
"Alright, I'll see you in the afternoon, right now i need to go to the class"

*Naswki rushes into the door and leave

"For past experience, you have a exhausting feeling which is convenient since you have to wait for the time to pass, feeling tired, you soon or later fall asleep"

"with a pretty long nap you wake up in the desk, and it's still morning, that somehow doesn't surprise you, you then decide to go to the corridor and see how things are going"


"with the simple action of the open of the door, the time went for morning to the afternoon in a blink of an eye, you now face the corridor of the school, the orange sky looks great from the big windows infront of the long corridor, for the building layout, it looks like you're in some kind of japanese like school"

*Afternoon Stairs Bg appears


"all of sudden, someone bump into you, it was Naswki"

*Naswki Panel appears (or placeholder)

"Ouch, Hey, look where you're walk, Oh, it's you..."
"...?"
"Shush, you almost made me drop your cupcake"
"...!"
"...What?"
"...?"
"Oh yea...I'm all alone in the school"
"..."
"Hey, Here it is your cupcake"

*She deserves to die appears while the screen glitches

"...?"
"You don't want it?"
"...!"
"What's up, I already took mine"
"..."
"Ugh, Fine, I'll keep it for later then"
......

*Screen glitches once again on a repetetive way for a few seconds

"Uhm...Y'know...sometimes i have this weird feeling *glitches

"You wanna a rap battle?"

"You realized you have your mic in hands, even tho you don't remember ever getting out of your pocket"

"...?"
"Sure thing then"

*Song Starts

*Song Ends










